Amber Romero: Hi.
LIsa Anderson: How are you
Amber Romero: I'm good. So video chat really draining my battery and I have no battery charger.
LIsa Anderson: No worries. I can hear you. Um, can you see me or we're just on audio.
Amber Romero: Yeah, I can see you.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. All right, good. No worries. Okay. Um, no problem. How are you doing today.
Amber Romero: I'm good, how are you
LIsa Anderson: Good, thanks. Um, how, how did it go with getting your prescription this week.
Amber Romero: Um, it was like with it with the doctor, it's over was just hoping
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, both
Amber Romero: Um, it was a surprise. We'll see what the doctor went to tell me
Amber Romero: Like he went over like a recap of my script. And I told them no, that's not
Amber Romero: Not what I have. And that's not what I got and stuff. So I told him what happened and you know he he made sure the right script went through this time, but he said that, um, but next time he's gonna do like a bridge or something.
LIsa Anderson: Mm hmm.
Amber Romero: So I have, I should have a prescription like Friday morning.
Amber Romero: Just for like three
Amber Romero: Okay.
Amber Romero: And then a regular prescription after after group.
LIsa Anderson: After group. Okay, let me. I didn't see that in your chart so um yeah I had checked on that last week, so I guess yeah bridge, just to kind of get you through until your next, you know, until group. So, um,
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, you're not on. Yeah. Like I said, I'm, you know, last week, you've been compliant with all of your appointments and so
LIsa Anderson: Hopefully that was just a one time.
LIsa Anderson: One time, you see you have last week.
Amber Romero: Yeah, well, I think, um, I don't know how it's, I don't know how the bridge is going to work.
Amber Romero: Yeah, I would think there would be enough for seven days with 21 but maybe what time I don't know cuz I don't want the like the bridge thing that has to be something that we have to do every Friday because I don't really call it kind of hard to, uh,
Amber Romero: Oh, I gotta get my prescription change where else to it's kind of hard to get to the pharmacy when you're going too far away.
LIsa Anderson: Sure it is. I'm going to teach you a lot means it's closer
Amber Romero: Yeah, well, so I guess that I didn't know. But I guess there's two on the street that I hadn't changed to
Amber Romero: Watch. Yeah, there's two
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
Amber Romero: It is really far from
Amber Romero: Where, where I'm at.
Amber Romero: But there's literally one about three minutes of thrown
Amber Romero: This one was like 30 minutes
LIsa Anderson: Oh, wow.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, yeah, yeah, definitely trying to get it to you know to one that's more convenient for you and then sore. How many days. Where are you getting right now.
LIsa Anderson: Seven. Seven days, whereas
LIsa Anderson: You're having to go pick up a new refill every week.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
Amber Romero: Okay that is that normal
LIsa Anderson: You know, I don't know, um, I don't want to give you any wrong information.
LIsa Anderson: So I know some people are on less than that, um, I know some people are on less than that, if they're not compliant with their appointments, like they might only get
LIsa Anderson: Two days worth of three days worth or four days worth. I don't know if people are on more than that. So I can find out, but I don't want to give you any wrong information.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah I know people are on less than that. But still you're having to go to the pharmacy every week.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: So that, that is that is tough. Yeah, even even every week, having
LIsa Anderson: To run out.
LIsa Anderson: So, um, let me let me find out for you.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. So, okay. But you do have that seven day
LIsa Anderson: Supply now.
Amber Romero: Yeah, and then
Amber Romero: Since you're asking, Can we, can you
Amber Romero: Is there a way to check what's what's supposed to be there. Like, I don't know if
Amber Romero: If the seven or if the
Amber Romero: Friday thing is already sent for, like, how that works. I know.
Amber Romero: Early
LIsa Anderson: Friday.
LIsa Anderson: Oh, you mean about getting that additional bridge on Friday.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: But let me see. Um,
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so I'm seeing on the 24th, they did the Suboxone but that was already
LIsa Anderson: A week ago.
LIsa Anderson: Oh no. Okay. So, today's the 30th. So yeah, so last Friday. Okay, so let's just see what he did on last Friday. So, last Friday. He put in
LIsa Anderson: 21 is the quantity with zero refills, um,
LIsa Anderson: And how many do you take a day.
LIsa Anderson: Three, three a day. Okay, so that's seven days worth
LIsa Anderson: Um, okay. So that's what you got last time.
LIsa Anderson: That's the only one. I'm seeing was the 24th. So I imagine
LIsa Anderson: That Dr Omen hoping in, you know, another
LIsa Anderson: At least a seven day I will find out, you know what, what kind of the processes on that.
LIsa Anderson: If you can get more than that or or more, you know, quantity in the last few a longer amount of time.
Amber Romero: And then the
LIsa Anderson: Other thing. I didn't want to check in on you with AND SEE IF WE WANT TO TALK WITH DR element about this was, um, you know, I know you talk about anxiety. We talked about that a lot last time.
LIsa Anderson: And you have some questions about that just your, your feelings of restless this, I was kind of looking at some of those forms that you filled out again.
LIsa Anderson: This time, how, how would you say your anxieties been
Amber Romero: Saying, which just
Amber Romero: I don't know if I've gotten used to it or
Amber Romero: There, or what does it just
Amber Romero: Maybe I'm just on the goal so much. It just doesn't wake
Amber Romero: Not that it doesn't bother me. It just doesn't
Amber Romero: Explain it like it.
Amber Romero: Like suppresses this off. I guess is the best way to say it until
Amber Romero: Until I stop and then once they stop then
Amber Romero: That's when it kind of my kids anymore. I don't know. Maybe it's because actually have a moment to think about it or or what you know.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, yeah, for some reason, I'm still seeing on that the questionnaire you submitted.
LIsa Anderson: Though, is called the gap seven you are at about a 21
LIsa Anderson: Which is still, you know, pretty I'm pretty pretty high level on the pH q nine. That's the one that asks you about depression. I'm
LIsa Anderson: That, again, I'm only seeing that from April 4, how would you say your mood has been as far as like feeling sad or down this past week.
Amber Romero: I guess it just depends on on what happens
Amber Romero: Or who I interact with and stuff. Yeah. Like I said before, I don't like to think I'm a depressed person. I don't think I'm a depressed person but i mean i i've been called a narcissist.
Amber Romero: Don't really know how, but
Amber Romero: I think it wasn't going so
LIsa Anderson: Far okay but in in okay this past
Amber Romero: Year I felt like you've been okay
Amber Romero: Okay, sometimes a little bit like
Amber Romero: Cool. So let me know what happens next, or what I'm going to do, you know,
LIsa Anderson: As far as what as far as what you're going to do.
Amber Romero: Like
Amber Romero: Just in general like what happens next.
LIsa Anderson: What happens next. As far as your
LIsa Anderson: Recovery.
LIsa Anderson: Like what you're gonna
Amber Romero: Just a just in general.
Amber Romero: Worry about stuff like that.
LIsa Anderson: And you mentioned the anxiety gets worse. She said, when you're not as active and you sort of feel like when you start to sit and think
LIsa Anderson: Okay, what do your thoughts.
LIsa Anderson: start rolling. What, what kind of things.
Amber Romero: As I heard rolling in mind.
LIsa Anderson: And does your mind just sort of start going what what sort of thoughts go through your mind when you're having those anxious thoughts.
Amber Romero: Um, what is this person thinking, what is that person thinking and how are you going to do this. Okay, this is what's gonna happen here and I didn't know just
Amber Romero: There's just a whole bunch of different stuff not really anything particular just because I have a whole bunch of stuff that goes on in my life at one time to say think about, oh, it
LIsa Anderson: Sure. Well, yeah, you definitely you definitely have quite a lot going on.
LIsa Anderson: So, some of it is maybe sort of social around like what's this person thinking about me or are they thinking something bad about me is that
Amber Romero: I'm not, I really don't think like along those lines because they don't really care when I really want me I'm
Amber Romero: Just like
Amber Romero: This person so
Amber Romero: I wonder if, like, I hope it goes through. So I hope they do what they say they're going to do rather
Amber Romero: Know, because not then this happened or that happened you know if they see this when this happens, you know, just start going off on tangents that
Amber Romero: Don't really matter. You shouldn't even matter.
LIsa Anderson: Right, but it you know it does matter in the sense that it's you know it's bothering you. And that can be a
LIsa Anderson: If we can find sort of a starting place to look at, you know, what sort of a reasonable worry because, of course, you have a lot going on. It's totally natural to kind of
LIsa Anderson: Have those thoughts about what what's going to happen with this or what am I going to do that. But then if it gets to the point where
LIsa Anderson: You're really kind of stewing on it. You're really ruminating on it, you're sort of spinning yourself in circles and not getting anywhere.
LIsa Anderson: That's kind of where the worry is is not productive.
LIsa Anderson: Right.
Amber Romero: Oh,
LIsa Anderson: So some of its around like will a person follow through.
LIsa Anderson: And just worrying about
LIsa Anderson: You know, relying on someone and then doing what they're saying what they're saying they're going to do.
Amber Romero: Um, yeah, pretty much. There's, like, for example, my dad. He said he was going to give me a car. Um, so
Amber Romero: He told me that's like months ago.
Amber Romero: He said it will not mine. So I was like the quarantine started because you know he gave to me. And then he started, and he said, Okay, well,
Amber Romero: You're going to have to buy, you know, basically, wait until this is over and you know maybe along the way. If it doesn't end soon and you can use your
Amber Romero: Your stimulus money to pay for the car dealership and the tow truck. And that's something that we've done before. I was like, Okay, cool. That works now.
Amber Romero: Now,
Amber Romero: That I got my my students check. You know, I took him calling a told him I was like okay so
Amber Romero: What do we do once I get my check to get the car over here, you know, because he's in California and I'm in New Mexico, and he's like, Oh, well, you know, I still have to do this and they still have to do this.
Amber Romero: You know, we'll cross that bridge when we get there. I mean,
Amber Romero: That's really about the worrying about what people see
Amber Romero: Versus what they do because I will, you're really counting on it. And now that I got my paper.
Amber Romero: And
Amber Romero: Just somewhere.
LIsa Anderson: Right, yeah. I mean, understandably, that's, that's really frustrating. That's very provoking that you sort of
LIsa Anderson: You know, maybe he told you one thing. Okay, now you have the money. And now you're sort of spinning your wheels, a little bit in the sense that
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, you're
LIsa Anderson: You know, he's not maybe giving you the answer for you the answer. The timeframe, you want it.
Amber Romero: Well, yeah. So just know the story about that.
Amber Romero: And they start thinking about that. Well, today, get do something else and around our, I don't know, just like you said you start thinking about things that haven't even happened and worrying about it.
LIsa Anderson: Right, right. So yeah, naturally you kind of start to think of maybe other solutions which I think is, is really good, problem solving, you know, just kind of using those thought processes to say, Well, okay. Should I go do something on my own.
LIsa Anderson: So sure that I think that those are definitely you know worries and there's a lot that you can't control right now.
LIsa Anderson: You know, you know, the world, you know, and none of us can kind of control everything that sort of happened right now.
LIsa Anderson: And even those things that you're trying to take care of yourself. So maybe maybe those are the things that you can kind of focus on are the things that you can control.
LIsa Anderson: You know, keep that money safe keeping it you know it's for a car.
LIsa Anderson: You know, even though you might not get the car and the time frame you thought or have him deliver it, you know, kind of keeping that tucked away for whenever you you are able to buy a car.
LIsa Anderson: That sounds like that would be a good is that kind of maybe one of the things you're thinking will help you get more setup as far as work and
Amber Romero: What do you, what do you mean
LIsa Anderson: Well, because I know it might be tough.
LIsa Anderson: As far as getting to work, you know, getting your prescriptions, you know, without your own vehicle.
Amber Romero: Yeah, really. It really does.
Help
Amber Romero: We're really could help brother.
LIsa Anderson: Definitely. Have you heard back from any of those applications to the banks.
No.
Amber Romero: No.
Amber Romero: I don't know if maybe I'm
Amber Romero: Because the way I'm playing for them it's through like
Amber Romero: Like
Amber Romero: Like job Finder or ZIP RECRUITER or something like that.
Amber Romero: And then maybe because I'm going through those websites that could be why because now I just get a whole bunch of like
Amber Romero: spam mail Minister about jobs.
LIsa Anderson: Right.
Amber Romero: The things actually getting. That's what I'm thinking is you go to that.
Amber Romero: Website directly when they do search look for work.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, um, you know, some of my yeah experience with that is maybe if you go directly to whatever that banks.
LIsa Anderson: Application is
LIsa Anderson: Or maybe right like just go directly through them.
LIsa Anderson: That, you know, and then you might, you know, they might get your application more directly the bay, you know, to that bank itself.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, I wanted to ask you, Amber. So what about um we talked about last week, you know, I know you mentioned you were using that Walgreens app. And that kind of helped you just to kind of get Mark some things off as far as like eating well, and
LIsa Anderson: How are your walks this past week. Were you able to get out and about a little bit
Amber Romero: Oh no, I have it actually completely forgot about it. So you mentioned it.
Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Hey no problem. Um, alright. So is that something you feel like you maybe want to revisit just trying to
LIsa Anderson: You know some of that restless energy, you've talked about. Is that something you want to try for this week. Coming up to
LIsa Anderson: It out, you know, at least once. Go for a walk.
LIsa Anderson: Or
Amber Romero: Well, I mean, I, I've been walking every day.
Amber Romero: I mean,
Amber Romero: It's obviously think
Amber Romero: We still have problems sleeping like
Amber Romero: Yesterday,
Amber Romero: Yesterday I slept.
Amber Romero: I don't know, there's a difference between sleep and like passing out sleeping.
Amber Romero: No, I think they probably passed out.
Amber Romero: 10 o'clock in the morning.
Amber Romero: And then I will go up about three to five hours. And so that was good to
Amber Romero: See them as far as last night.
Amber Romero: Instead of falling asleep, this morning.
Amber Romero: Probably nine or 930 and then
Amber Romero: Like a second wind know. So now we can move it around everywhere again.
LIsa Anderson: See, you went to sleep at 9am
Amber Romero: Know I was almost like starting to make those off. Well, like where we all close my eyes and mostly for all the two minutes and then
Amber Romero: Wake up.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, yeah, I got into my question, because I was gonna ask you about how your how you're sleeping so but for you when you say passed out versus fall asleep. What do you mean by that my pass down
Amber Romero: Like you're just you're so tired. You just so
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Amber Romero: You know, instead of like actually going to bed and sleep. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. So kind of like you feel like you reach a point of exhaustion.
Amber Romero: Yeah, there you go.
LIsa Anderson: So are you sleeping at night.
Amber Romero: No.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Amber Romero: So, as I say, like I said just finish.
Amber Romero: Five hours during the day.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so, from about 10am
LIsa Anderson: To 3pm. Okay. And then what so if you
LIsa Anderson: Are noon, then do you stay up all night.
Amber Romero: Yeah, pretty much.
Amber Romero: So I'll start.
Amber Romero: I'll start like
Amber Romero: dozing off or falling asleep.
Amber Romero: And all fall asleep do for a couple minutes, and then
Amber Romero: And then wake up.
LIsa Anderson: How many like within a 24 hour time period. How many hours. Would you say you sleep a day.
Amber Romero: A day
LIsa Anderson: Like within a within 24 hours, how they
Amber Romero: Can because it i mean i don't i don't Sundays. I do on Sundays. I don't
Amber Romero: Think can be a whole 24 hour period that way. And hey, what else applause and will be nurturing for a period where stuff will eight hours and then I'm still tired but
LIsa Anderson: OK, so there's days where you're awake for over 24 hours.
Amber Romero: Yeah, sometimes.
Amber Romero: Policy for a couple minutes.
No.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Amber Romero: Well, I go, it'll feel like a little rest but
Amber Romero: Tell me real quick.
Amber Romero: Hey,
Amber Romero: I'm
Amber Romero: Talking with my friends and stuff.
Amber Romero: The link is low for for her users to
Amber Romero: Not sleep.
LIsa Anderson: Well, exactly. So we talked about that last time about how your body is just kind of readjusting to not having the heroin.
LIsa Anderson: And it is it is really common to have been asleep disruptions even, you know,
LIsa Anderson: The fact that so heroin. It affects the way that your brain and kind of
LIsa Anderson: goes to sleep.
LIsa Anderson: And so it can take four weeks or more
LIsa Anderson: You know, from the time that your last that you asked you.
LIsa Anderson: For this to kind of have bad insomnia.
LIsa Anderson: So, you know, you're still, you're still kind of early window.
LIsa Anderson: Of just like body, your brain kind of clearing all stuff out.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I can send you some some
LIsa Anderson: Information
LIsa Anderson: Just kind of how about how how anyone actually
LIsa Anderson: You know, now that we're in kind of this clean time I'm
LIsa Anderson: Just I don't use the word detox, but it's just a little bit of a an adjustment period.
LIsa Anderson: You know, heroin can also kind of increase
LIsa Anderson: You know that that sense of restlessness that you've talked about
LIsa Anderson: You know, just all of that stuff in your brain chemistry.
LIsa Anderson: Is going to be drowsy, even if you have slept.
LIsa Anderson: It can cause like really strange dreams or like night terrors. Have you had anything like that.
Amber Romero: Those, those a lot
Amber Romero: A lot for a while.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. So kind of a little bit different, um, you know, from like a nightmare. But definitely, like those night terrors can be really scary really hard to go back to sleep after that.
LIsa Anderson: So these are all like, definitely.
LIsa Anderson: Common
LIsa Anderson: Like common symptoms that you're gonna
LIsa Anderson: You're gonna experience I'm
LIsa Anderson: Just, just the Suboxone when you take it. Does it make you sleepy or drowsy or or does it have any effect on your
Amber Romero: It gives me energy
Amber Romero: gives you energy. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Um, so you have three doses, a day.
So when
LIsa Anderson: Kind of can you tell me what like when are you taking it.
Amber Romero: Eight o'clock in the morning.
LIsa Anderson: To take your first one at eight, or do you take all three at once.
Amber Romero: I do, actually. I put
Amber Romero: I put one on each of my tongue, and I won't like it my cheek.
Amber Romero: While I
Amber Romero: break it in half, or put it on water.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: I'm okay searching you eat in the morning, which if it gives you energy, then I would say that's good that you're during the day so that
LIsa Anderson: You know, so that it gives you that energy kick. Um, how long
LIsa Anderson: How long does that kind of energy kick
LIsa Anderson: Last
Amber Romero: Women
LIsa Anderson: Like when you take this box on
LIsa Anderson: You say it gives you kind of a little, a little burst of energy. How long would you say that as
Amber Romero: Well, it takes about 20 minutes before I don't hurt anymore.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Amber Romero: Me, it gets me. It gets pretty, pretty good. I mean, I can't really put a
Amber Romero: Time frame on it because it's
Amber Romero: Never pitch and they just know they start getting sick and all it takes for me to feel better.
LIsa Anderson: Um, you mean like as far as feeling like you're in withdrawal.
LIsa Anderson: Hey, um,
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, and that's kind of what the, you know, how, how the medication.
LIsa Anderson: Is mentor work.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so you're taking it at the same time every day. Then at eight, and I am
Amber Romero: An alarm.
Amber Romero: It's because you know what them with message to our to our window.
Amber Romero: So you can take them.
Amber Romero: Early I started seven latest at nine.
Amber Romero: You know, but I try as close as I can to just suited towards a
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, as you know, as close as you can.
LIsa Anderson: Just to kind of
LIsa Anderson: You know, just to stick to that timeframe. Um, yeah. I mean, you know, I can just tell you, Amber i mean the the insomnia. It just is really common with, you know,
LIsa Anderson: With coming off of heroin.
LIsa Anderson: Just because the heroin use it felt US District your sleep so much
LIsa Anderson: You know, and also like every kind of heard about that, like that REM sleep that really like deep restful sleep is um is active.
Amber Romero: So,
LIsa Anderson: Just tell you at this point, you know, you could ever talk to your doctor about medications you know i know you kind of had some some hesitations around that but you know you can do things like just avoid too much caffeine. Do you drink coffee or sodas.
LIsa Anderson: All right. Um, so, you know, yeah, if you avoid caffeine and alcohol, you know, nicotine things that, you know, we tend to keep you up.
LIsa Anderson: Do you have like your own worth like a kind of quiet dark place in your house.
Amber Romero: No, I mean, it really depends on what time of day it is.
Amber Romero: I don't, I don't have my own know and and there's times where nobody's around, you know, for he spent a lot of time and bathroom because it's
Amber Romero: United can
Amber Romero: Close the door and lock it was me, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Mm hmm. Okay, so I'm like at your friend's house like at night, where would you sleep.
Amber Romero: In the room or on the go. We usually in the room.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so you have a you have a bedroom.
Amber Romero: Wait, let me make sure you understood this right, you said when I'm at my friend's house or do I sleep right
LIsa Anderson: Is that are or where you're staying
Amber Romero: Mm hmm.
LIsa Anderson: Okay at the place where you're living
Amber Romero: Know,
Amber Romero: We're other vs. Mm hmm space it's it's a shared room, but it's mostly okay
LIsa Anderson: Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. But then sometimes if you can't sleep at night, you think you might go out to the couch.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. Okay, gotcha. And do you find yourself sleeping like during the day, that's when it's quieter.
And
Amber Romero: quieter because it's quiet at night.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so that they're not they're not people up all night.
Amber Romero: Yeah, no.
Amber Romero: It's not, it's not because I'm distracted.
Amber Romero: Too much, really, I can see
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Um, yeah, you know, it's like you're doing some of those things already amor, you know, just kind of creating an environment to sleep, um, you know, maybe trying to get like in a little bit of a pre sleep routine like whatever that you know kind of bed. As for you.
LIsa Anderson: But you know that maybe you do get out of bed. If I can't sleep.
LIsa Anderson: And I would just really try to encourage you to try to
LIsa Anderson: Keep a regular sleeping week schedule.
LIsa Anderson: You know as much as you can.
LIsa Anderson: That
LIsa Anderson: You know,
LIsa Anderson: Kind of kind of the drugs are still
LIsa Anderson: Out of your system. I can send you some some information.
LIsa Anderson: You know, just about.
LIsa Anderson: You know disruptions that I mean the biggest thing I can tell you this is just that it is really common.
LIsa Anderson: And it just takes
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, you know, possibly during the time that you were using
LIsa Anderson: Also, possibly sleep deprived because even though you know at at higher doses heroin can, you know, kind of, you know, make people sleepy and make people to, you know, so
LIsa Anderson: To the point where they're not breathing, but
LIsa Anderson: I mean, during the time that you were using to causes huge huge sleep disruptions.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
Oh,
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, I know it's tough, you know, I think just kind of trying as much as you can to like stick to a normal
LIsa Anderson: Routine, you know, try to go to bed at least try to go to bed at the same time every night and then you at least try to sleep. And then if you can't sleep.
LIsa Anderson: You know, then maybe getting up into a client activity.
Amber Romero: Because sometimes
Amber Romero: They even get to the point where it's like okay so closely and I'll wake up and I'll feel like a stuck for hours and it's only been like an hour, so not go to sleep and wake up, then it's just like a long night, I guess, is how people
Amber Romero: Are actually
Amber Romero: slept for like 12 hours.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, it was really so
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, and that's common to it kind of disrupts your sense of time.
LIsa Anderson: And your sense of, of how long you've been asleep.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah yeah all all really common.
LIsa Anderson: Do you have. And then, how's your pain level pin does that keep you up at night.
Amber Romero: I don't know if that's the reason I stay up at night. Like I said it.
Amber Romero: Or my hands.
LIsa Anderson: And
Amber Romero: My right 114 we
Amber Romero: Like it feels like pulling
Amber Romero: Pulling nerve like
Amber Romero: Yes, maybe like overstretch feeling like I guess the best way to put it.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, so maybe even just like your hand goes to sleep, or maybe some neuropathy, or something like that.
Amber Romero: Oh, swelling,
LIsa Anderson: Swelling in your hands.
Amber Romero: Swallowing just in general.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, I'm like just feeling like swallen are kind of bloated or
Amber Romero: So, I mean, yeah, even when you're going to start your period and stuff like that. Well, it's fine. But like I'm going bald eagles, or like my fingers.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, um, how would you say you're saying you feel pretty hydrated drink water includes throughout the day.
Amber Romero: You know, that's the thing. So as far as drinks. You know, I'm Zune. If you're right for me if I if I get to choose you hydrated.
Amber Romero: They get a UTI, and those for free not to
Amber Romero: Get that deodorant or
Amber Romero: Bigger UTA so yes really see a thing goes be pretty good. Yeah.
Definitely
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. Cuz that that could cause some swelling. Like, especially in your fingers. I'm also the you know the warmer weather could cause like your fingers to swell.
LIsa Anderson: You know, but definitely staying hydrated, especially how hot it has been, but have you seen a doctor and for like a like a physical doctor did you see one of the doctors in the program like no
No.
Amber Romero: No, I don't see Dr. They
Amber Romero: Never. Last time I really
Amber Romero: Like see a doctor. Seeing the doctor was
Amber Romero: It was see when I have my last kid.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, yeah, you know, if it's something that you're starting to, um, you know, maybe you could even call like the nurse line.
LIsa Anderson: You know through your insurance program or you know there's there's a couple of those nurse advice lines and they can kind of ask you more about your symptoms over the phone.
LIsa Anderson: And kind of let you know.
LIsa Anderson: You know what, that that would be my first thought just as a person. I'm not a doctor. But, you know, just possibly dehydration.
LIsa Anderson: Especially with how hot, it's been, but definitely if it's something that
LIsa Anderson: That gets worse or that's bothering you. I definitely maybe maybe check in with a nurse live
LIsa Anderson: And, you know, with the combination of like you're not sleeping well you're you're worrying about things and that kind of can really
LIsa Anderson: Get you down a little bit too, just as far as like you're not sleeping well. And so then all of these worries come up
LIsa Anderson: You know, what about this. What's going to happen with this. So I think, you know, having that sleep deprived that that sleep deprivation, especially over a long period of time which you have
LIsa Anderson: That makes it just harder to kind of think rationally and
LIsa Anderson: You know, think as calmly, or as as logically about things as. What if we were fully rested.
LIsa Anderson: That make sense.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: You know, even just the day to day stress, you know,
LIsa Anderson: You know, of course, you're just, you're not going to cope
LIsa Anderson: As well as you would if you had been fully rested.
LIsa Anderson: Um,
LIsa Anderson: So, so, you know, in regard to that in regard to sleep, do you just want to kind of keep
Amber Romero: It.
LIsa Anderson: You know, anything we can help with as far as sleep. You want to just kind of
LIsa Anderson: See how the
Amber Romero: I don't
Know,
Amber Romero: But good could be. What could you raise
Amber Romero: Up with
LIsa Anderson: Well, um, I, I will, I will send out a message today just to kind of see if I can get the answer to your question about how much Suboxone a person can get and that's I'm also just kind of cute.
Amber Romero: It's three
LIsa Anderson: Right. No, but for how how long
Amber Romero: Yeah, you're at a high. Oh, OK. OK. OK.
LIsa Anderson: Days refill. Can you get
Amber Romero: Okay, okay.
LIsa Anderson: If you're, if you're making on the appointments
LIsa Anderson: So you know if you'd like. I can also
LIsa Anderson: You know, asked him about you know about talking with you about sleep medications.
LIsa Anderson: You know,
LIsa Anderson: You can try all of these things. I don't know if you're if you're up for that.
LIsa Anderson: If you can really try to meet you make yourself stay awake during the day.
LIsa Anderson: You know, to really try not to sleep during the day so that you're tired, honey.
Amber Romero: Well, I mean, I try, I try not to. But like I said, I just, it gets to the point where it's like so.
LIsa Anderson: So you try and then you, you just get to that point that you're so exhausted.
Amber Romero: Yeah, like a I'm sitting there with the other day I was sitting on the couch.
Amber Romero: First in there. I had some stuff in my lap. I remember seeing not okay, I'm going to do this. And I was like,
Amber Romero: That's something to do with a pen and a pencil or a pen and paper because I have a notebook. And I can remember exactly what to do but and
Amber Romero: And I don't
Amber Romero: I policy and we will see that and
Amber Romero: I'll see like
Amber Romero: There's that I've noticed a couple days that they're all i'm just like sitting there, sending a text message.
Amber Romero: In like oh
Amber Romero: I guess I fall asleep for I don't know how long.
Amber Romero: And then look at the text message and nobody replied, but yet they didn't send it
Amber Romero: But I swear I sent lately.
Amber Romero: It's been happening a lot lately. And at the time, like what do you notice it's like 20 minutes
LIsa Anderson: Okay Um hmm. That yeah I mean I can hear that you're exhausted. So, that makes sense. But then that's also, um, you know, I think just probably an effect.
LIsa Anderson: You know, other here. When you say almost like you're sleeping like you're just falling asleep in the middle of doing something
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, that's definitely like not normal within the realm of
LIsa Anderson: You know someone who you know who hasn't
LIsa Anderson: used drugs, but when he said, I think that's somewhat just the late in effects on like on your brain and I'm a little those
LIsa Anderson: And I think as long as you're not you're not driving or something where you're at risk of
LIsa Anderson: At the wheel or something.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: What about during the day. Do you feel like, and now you talked about, you know, it's hard for you to sit still, or
LIsa Anderson: Do you feel like you're you're somewhat active during the day are you
LIsa Anderson: I think every kind of get you to where you're feeling, you know better physically
LIsa Anderson: You feel like you're doing well.
LIsa Anderson: That could really help the whole picture.
LIsa Anderson: Here in the middle of doing something in, and you just fall asleep.
LIsa Anderson: That's going to make it hard for you to, you know, work and just do those day to
Day.
LIsa Anderson: You feel like your phone keeps you awake at night on your phone.
LIsa Anderson: getting distracted. When you're trying to sleep.
Amber Romero: No cuz I don't even. I don't even hear it.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, good. I know I have to say like
Amber Romero: That
LIsa Anderson: That can be distracting.
Amber Romero: To fuck. Sorry I stepped on something.
Amber Romero: Yeah, I know. I sleep I sleep right through. I sleep right through anything when
Amber Romero: I've always been
LIsa Anderson: A little bit of trouble hearing you.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, um,
LIsa Anderson: I think I lost your audio.
LIsa Anderson: Amber. Can you hear me.
Amber Romero: Yeah, I can hear you.
LIsa Anderson: Oh, you're back. Okay. Um, I think you're on a second. I'm okay so yeah let's you know let's kind of keep going about
LIsa Anderson: You know, just sleep hygiene, just trying to get yourself and maybe a routine.
LIsa Anderson: So that you know you can kind of get onto a normal schedule.
LIsa Anderson: And and i think
LIsa Anderson: You know what helps them and you're having all these worries some thoughts and
LIsa Anderson: You know, like you said here, kind of get with your dad.
LIsa Anderson: What's been helpful for you.
Amber Romero: Smoking
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
Amber Romero: So, okay.
Amber Romero: I thought you said something. Oh.
Amber Romero: No. Yes. Just smoking or
Amber Romero: No howling somebody's attention anyway.
LIsa Anderson: Calling somebody
LIsa Anderson: Okay, yeah, yeah. I mean, I think, you know, as, as far as the worries. I mean, it's definitely natural to have worries and concerns just
LIsa Anderson: Know it is. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Mean those thoughts and those words are going to come up
LIsa Anderson: But, you know, if you feel like
LIsa Anderson: They're spiraling out of control or or there's filing to a point where you can't stop.
LIsa Anderson: It starts to feel excessive.
LIsa Anderson: And I think that's a try to interrupt.
LIsa Anderson: And think
LIsa Anderson: Is this helpful to me right now. Is this realistic.
LIsa Anderson: Is there another way you can go as far as problems.
LIsa Anderson: Out of your head.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, well. Anything else you think you really wanted to
LIsa Anderson: Talk about
Amber Romero: What was that last part after anything else.
LIsa Anderson: It like anything else that we haven't covered today that that's on your mind.
Amber Romero: No.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: All right well i i do want to get those questions answered for you about, um, you know, just about sleep. I can send you some information about sleep and sleep hygiene and then, you know, just about how long of a prescription. You can get
LIsa Anderson: And, and I think the biggest thing is just to kind of give yourself some patients just give yourself some time to
LIsa Anderson: Like your body just
LIsa Anderson: How
LIsa Anderson: How are things
LIsa Anderson: With Daniel this week.
Amber Romero: We talk sometimes
We're
Amber Romero: Talking
LIsa Anderson: You're not really talking right now.
Amber Romero: Oh, no.
Amber Romero: Once every couple days for just a
Amber Romero: Couple minutes
Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Things are going okay now.
Amber Romero: Welcome. Some animosity toward each other.
Amber Romero: So that history. It's
Amber Romero: Understandable.
Right.
Amber Romero: We don't want to don't want to deal with it and he he wants.
Amber Romero: He wants to let it out your stuff. But as we get over it off, it's just whatever, but I don't hear
You know, so
Amber Romero: This is really good, you know,
Amber Romero: It's hard to deal with things like that. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, so he kind of wants to rehash everything and talk it out and you're feeling like you're just not in a place where that's helpful.
Amber Romero: To me, I'll just do it alone.
Amber Romero: But it just so happens that it's the past like yesterday.
You know,
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: I'm trying to address it in the sense of like making apologies like for that that fight that he kind of
LIsa Anderson: Picked while you guys were on the phone with your daughter.
Amber Romero: Things like Natalie photos leaders like to bring it up and then
Amber Romero: I officiated and then he attrition and
Amber Romero: Then also alien also really you
Amber Romero: Know we can work on communication, but
Amber Romero: You know,
Amber Romero: I think we need to work more on comprehension.
Amber Romero: Communication.
Amber Romero: Communicating you know understand
LIsa Anderson: Right, so he's just not you're feeling like he's not understanding where you're coming from, or
Amber Romero: Yeah. And then He probably thinks the same way you know I
Amber Romero: Mean it's not like I don't understand. It's like, I get it, but I can't do anything what it is you're going to do.
LIsa Anderson: Right.
So,
So I know
You guys are
LIsa Anderson: Chatting on the phone here and there, but not a whole lot of
Amber Romero: Contact. Yeah, just
Amber Romero: Like my girls have been there with him this week. And so, like when we call each other.
Amber Romero: For a minute or two with us all.
LIsa Anderson: Right.
LIsa Anderson: Talk to the kids and yeah that's that's good that they know that you know you're you're calling for that.
LIsa Anderson: I didn't want to ask you, Amber for our appointment for next week. Would you be able to PM instead of 1pm
Amber Romero: Um, I mean I guess I could if I had to, but
Amber Romero: We really read regularly doing this for me is
Amber Romero: It's kind of like a root cause earlier was freaking out because I thought it was a 12
Amber Romero: But it was at one and
Amber Romero: You know cuz I have it written down for 1230 and
Amber Romero: I don't know. So it's
LIsa Anderson: No problem. Okay. No problem. No, no problem at all. I just thought I would ask, but
LIsa Anderson: No, I, I think that if if we can kind of give you as much of like consistency as you can.
LIsa Anderson: You know, like you said you're taking your medication at about the same, same time every day. So if this is good to give you that consistency, then no problem yet. I know it does take a little while to check in.
LIsa Anderson: You know, prior to the appointment time so um okay alright so we're going to be coming up into may already. Um, so next Thursday will be May seven, so we'll just stick with that one o'clock time
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Alright, sounds good. Amber. Well, I'm gonna
LIsa Anderson: Follow up on on these items which are for all women, um, how did you get my email.
Amber Romero: I
Amber Romero: Saw it but like every day okay like open it or anything. Um,
LIsa Anderson: No worries. Um, yeah. That way, I just, I just had kind of wanted to check in with you midweek to see how things are going. So
You can definitely
LIsa Anderson: You have my email address now. So if you, you know, did have a question or something that came up during the week.
LIsa Anderson: You know you can reach me on that email. So I kind of wanted to send you that, too. So that way you have my email address.
Amber Romero: Okay. Yeah, I saw that
LIsa Anderson: Okay. All right. Well, sounds good. Everyone I will see you next week.
Amber Romero: Already sounds good. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: You to take care
Amber Romero: We took away.
LIsa Anderson: That was Mr. Romero, we did not have
LIsa Anderson: Video today. So I'm going to go ahead and pull up her chart, real quick because I had wanted to kind of review with her just some of our treatment plans and some of our
LIsa Anderson: treatment goals but today's session.
LIsa Anderson: Was a little more challenging.
LIsa Anderson: I've felt the past couple sessions amber haven't been as as engaged.
LIsa Anderson: And today, she she seemed
LIsa Anderson: A little bit less engaged, you know, just kind of not being on on the video.
LIsa Anderson: But, you know, today we did really focus on sleep, sleep hygiene, the impact of substance use.
LIsa Anderson: You know, also I think I really identifying how she continues to
LIsa Anderson: use drugs to mask or negative emotions.
LIsa Anderson: You know, really inviting her to look at those healthy coping skills, but at times. She's really not forthcoming with
LIsa Anderson: Her thoughts with her feelings. She has a hard time really identifying any specific thoughts or feelings that we could kind of start to
LIsa Anderson: Use the cognitive behavioral framework to identify those thoughts and feelings and so that's been a little bit of a challenge. And at this point, and really trying to build a rapport with her.
LIsa Anderson: Really trying to just kind of build that
LIsa Anderson: That that therapeutic alliance, so that we can move forward with some of her treatment goals.
LIsa Anderson: You know, so really looking at the severe opioid use disorder as as her primary diagnosis as her primary
LIsa Anderson: You know, primary problem, you know, today we talked a lot about sleep hygiene.
LIsa Anderson: And and sleep disturbance in relation to opioid use
LIsa Anderson: And, you know, just talk really a lot of education.
LIsa Anderson: About
LIsa Anderson: About how opioid use impacts, her, her sleep and her overall functioning.
LIsa Anderson: She's still kind of struggling. I think around the personal relapse prevention plan. We're still sort of looking at at those. I think definitely relationship triggers. I think her relationship with Daniel and her children's father. I think could definitely be a relationship trigger
LIsa Anderson: You know she did identify talking with her dad who lives in California as being a supportive
LIsa Anderson: Person as far as listing any negative beliefs, you know, any negative thought triggers.
LIsa Anderson: We're still not not quite there. I think a relationship trigger would be Daniel
LIsa Anderson: environmental triggers seems to be boredom.
LIsa Anderson: And then negative
LIsa Anderson: You know, negative beliefs is I think where she's any sort of negative emotion missing her kids or or any negative emotions, anger, fear.
LIsa Anderson: She's sort of fusing wants to use substances to mask those
LIsa Anderson: She's had a hard time identifying any healthy
LIsa Anderson: Support Systems, but we will continue to
LIsa Anderson: Identify a relapse prevention plan. We're going to continue to explore social support systems. And I think definitely kind of strengthening the treatment team alliance really increasing that therapeutic alliance.
LIsa Anderson: To kind of work towards her long term goals of abstinence from all substances participating in a recovery program.
LIsa Anderson: Today we reviewed I've provided her with my email address that she can reach me by email.
LIsa Anderson: We reviewed contact information for bright heart health, we reviewed prescription protocol as far as length of time and she will be using different pharmacy that's maybe closer to her home.
LIsa Anderson: And we discussed our next appointment being set for
LIsa Anderson: May 7 at 1pm mountain time. And that was another strength. I think that one of the few things that she did identify
LIsa Anderson: That she felt like she's able to take her medication at the same time every day and that she sort of have this appointment as her set
LIsa Anderson: Schedule. So I think the individual sessions and then also have group sessions, you know, she really keeps track of that and knows that those are on Fridays. So, we will continue with individual therapy weekly and she will continue with her group and medication management weekly as well.